ready
I love the way she sings try to have a
professional driver drive here and
follow me around today I'm at a
professional
I just love bribe what's your first
impression is when you came out inside I
absolutely love the way this car looks
and I heard the engine roar did you hear
it
there you go a huge campaign push for
Jaguar has been alive they're saying
it's alive for this experience
everything is so on the money they think
the design is so up-to-date there is
still so classy smooth and it's sexy and
it's sophisticated it's a beautiful
piece of art you feel so confident when
you drive the car and you feels like
you're the king of the roads look at the
view I can take a moment to relax this
is not Ward you're going to the great
playboy party this evening right yes Wow
getting better and better
it's beautiful inside
my name is David and I'm here tonight at
Jagger's and playboy party celebrating
their performance vehicle I really enjoy
driving the f-type today for me as a
woman part is an accessory and I really
feel that the f-type is like the newest
diamond a girl can have I really really
enjoyed it
you